# SRFI XXX: Generated Symbols

## Specification

### Identifiers

The following binding is exported by the `(srfi :XXX generate-symbols)` library:

#### Procedure

**generate-symbol** [*pretty-name*]

The optional argument, *pretty-name*, must, if present, be a string.

Returns a symbol with the following property: for every Scheme expression `<expr>` whose (possibly non-deterministic) value does not depend on the result of `symbol->string` applied to the result `GENSYM` of a previous invocation of `generate-symbol`, the expression `(equal? <expr> (symbol->string GENSYM))` evaluates to `#f` with, for all practical purposes, probability one.

The implementation may use the argument *pretty-name* for debugging or pretty-printing purposes.

### Requirements

This SRFI requires from an implementation of `generate-temporaries` (see R<sup>6</sup>RS) that `(generate-symbol)` and `(generate-symbol PRETTY-NAME)` can be implemented by passing a non-empty list or syntax list to `generate-temporaries`, applying `syntax->datum` to a random element of the returned list and returning the result of that application.

## Implementation Notes

An implementation does not need to create a name for the symbol returned by an application of `generate-symbol` immediately but only lazily when `symbol->string` is applied to the symbol for the first time.  If `symbol->string` is never applied, no name has to be created.  Symbols generated by `generate-symbol` can therefore replace uninterned symbols known from some Scheme implementations.

When an implementation has to create a name, it can simply choose a randomly generated name so that the entropy of the random variable described by `(lambda () (symbol->string (generate-symbol)))` is sufficiently high (e.g. 122 bits as in the case of Version 4 UUIDs but note that this SRFI prescribes no particular form of the symbol name).
